Updating evolution subsection (#577)
greenelab/covid19-review: content/02.introduction.md

There are two known variants of the spike protein that differ by a single amino acid at position 614 (G614 and D614), and there is evidence that G614 has already become dominant over D614 by June 2020 [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.06.043].
While there is a hypothesis that this genomic change increased the SARS-CoV-2 infectivity and virulence, there is no data yet to support or discard this hypothesis reliably [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.06.040].
The study [@doi:10.1016/j.meegid.2020.104351] has reported more than 198 recurrent mutations using a dataset of 7666 curated sequences showing the dynamic of SARS-CoV-2 evolution.

> Overall, while it is evident that SARS-CoV-2 exhibits moderate potential for further evolution, much uncertainty remains about SARS-CoV-2's evolutionary trends and their consequences due to a limited number of studies addressing SARS-CoV-2 ongoing evolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overall, while it is evident that SARS-CoV-2 exhibits moderate potential for further evolution, much uncertainty remains about SARS-CoV-2's evolutionary trends and their consequences due to a limited number of studies addressing the ongoing evolution of SARS-CoV-2.
```

Author: Sure! Thank you!

> The numerous mutations [@doi:10.1186/s12967-020-02344-6; @doi:10.1093/nsr/nwaa036; @doi:10.1016/j.meegid.2020.104351] observed in SARS-CoV-2 individual genome sequences can be used as signals during outbreak investigations and discovering of transmission patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The numerous mutations [@doi:10.1186/s12967-020-02344-6; @doi:10.1093/nsr/nwaa036; @doi:10.1016/j.meegid.2020.104351] observed in individual SARS-CoV-2 genome sequences signal transmission patterns and can be used during outbreak investigations.
```
Just a suggestion -- I think not everyone reading it will be familiar with phylogenetics and related problems, so I was trying to think of how to help lead them between your ideas -- maybe this would work?

Author: I agree. Thank you!

> The individual mutations observed in several patients may indicate that the patients belong to the same transmission group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Similar mutations observed in several patients may indicate that the patients belong to the same transmission group.
```
Alternatively: The individual mutations observed in several patients can indicate whether the patients belong to the same transmission group.

The tracking of SARS-CoV-2 mutations is recognized as an essential tool for controlling outbreaks that may provide valuable insights into the paths of SARS-CoV-2's spread [@doi:10/d5mg].

> Several studies used phylogeny analysis to determine the source of local COVID-19 outbreaks in Connecticut (USA), [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.04.021], the New York City area (USA) [@doi:10.1126/science.abc1917], and Iceland [@doi:10.1056/NEJMoa2006100].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several studies used phylogenetic analysis to determine the source of local COVID-19 outbreaks in Connecticut (USA), [@doi:10.1016/j.cell.2020.04.021], the New York City area (USA) [@doi:10.1126/science.abc1917], and Iceland [@doi:10.1056/NEJMoa2006100].
```

> There is ongoing effort about collecting SARS-CoV-2 genomes throughout the COVID-19 outbreak, and as for August 7, 2020, there are more than 78,000 genome sequences collected from the patients.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is an ongoing effort to collect SARS-CoV-2 genomes throughout the COVID-19 outbreak, and as of August 7, 2020, more than 78,000 genome sequences have been collected from patients.
```

Author: Thank you!
